whoWeAre = "TANTRIS is a group of construction technology innovators, architects, engineers and planners committed to developing and implementing low-cost, high-quality housing projects around the globe using innovative building design concepts together with the revolutionary flexmobox mobile precast concrete manufacturing system.."
whatWeDo = "Using our construction technology and planning expertise, we facilitate the construction of quality housing while boosting economic growth to help alleviate poverty in the world’s poorest countries. Quality housing can be affordable when properly implemented. And this is what TANTRIS is all about. After all, every man woman and child deserves a safe and comfortable home."
howWeDoIt = "At TANTRIS, we invest heavily in research and development to continuously make our products and services even better. Innovative products, pioneering design strategies and fresh project development approaches demonstrate the forward-thinking attitude of the TANTRIS team.

TANTRIS cultivates strong relationships and networks around the world to garner the expertise and resources required to execute housing projects locally. We work closely with governments and private partners in the regions in which our projects are located. This creates valuable jobs for local populations and strengthens regional economies while injecting fresh technology, skills and know-how into the target countries. Our experts create a climate that motivates all participants, giving them confidence in the stability of their project. And best of all, our participatory design approach ensures maximum knowledge transfer and long-term project sustainability."
whyWeDoIt = "In our vision of the future, communities should comprise not just houses, but safe and healthy living environments. Homes must be built to a good standard of quality and be safe against the elements and forces of nature – from storms and earthquakes to fire and floods. The towns we envision will be sustainable and self-reliant while providing secure and thriving neighborhoods for families and children.

Social housing is affordable housing: A key function of social housing is to provide accommodation that is affordable to people on low incomes.

Our mission is to build good quality, affordable homes and respectable neighborhoods where people can live, work and play safely. We work hard every day to facilitate the rapid implementation of affordable, future-oriented living communities using local resources and local manpower while transferring know-how to give people hope and empower them to shape their own future."
